hey guys I'm sure you're tired and
bowling today if they're really fun
really simple oh yeah so it's where it's
gonna look like yeah so we all need for
this is just basically like one of those
olive oil oh hey perhaps not pick up so
no Oriole tops to all ring ball like
containers so this is for the website so
you want to do with this is you want to
pull there's a website label right here
I hope you guys can see there's a
website live all right there you want to
just hold that over all right to the
side of mr. Pringle Thanks like that and
for the rest of us you're going to
accordion-style hold it so like I folded
it down oh this one actually you want
mr. that from those face so be showing
so you want to fold mr. Pringle face
down so I'm just gonna be showing you
guys the back the whole time in what you
should see on back so then you want to
accordion style hold it back and then
you are fold it forward okay so this is
what your end up wood and then see the
soil five right here you will open first
up so you can see like you're like all
the riches and stuff you won't bring it
up and then so like only this is down
it's like this and then you want fold
this flap down then break his face back
up that simple
then you save you so I just put in for
here for those silver you want to fold
it right along that right there then you
want to do the same for the bottom
I don't want to try to like keep the net
weight on there on your front so it's
like this and then you want to fold it
like right directly at the corner of mr.
Ringel bow tie so it's like that and
then you just want to fold it
so it's a square so yeah you don't even
help that or even hell mr. Potato I
don't mr. Potato right on top so be that
then you put over the other side that
would be that'd be according and stifled
of it no according to help fold it from
that MP mr. Potato Head you did where
I've set that in like all three of these
there's a potato wherever this guy is
and then like dog label but I'm just
gonna fold like so because it doesn't
really matter as long as you have these
little squares so I want to do that
confusing stuff um you have like a box
except it's missing one side and the one
side is going to be made out of the
flaps that you folded earlier so you
just want to go in euless flashback okay
so you find a bigger flat like to pay
your flat side like the bigger the
bigger one so that would be for me the
one that is like on the side mr. from
all time this one sorry this one are we
think backwards nice so you want to take
that one and open it up so you see like
the spread part and then you just want
to bring this other piece right here the
other flap and put it in there so it's
like that
and then you update and then I split it
in half from this way and so you know
this way because it's too bad and then
after you do that you just want to put
the tape on it or you sealed it you go
through the middle and then Mac I'm
outside
okay you can use both pieces hey Heidi
just for you like security making sure
that you won't come on or come on done
and I'm just another thing about tape is
if you left up you can always take it
off and put my gun so i have this point
you're in the pendant by yourself you
either want to decide if you want mr.
krinkle on top or this on top or in the
Sun top or you seal the on top would you
be just weird which I learn work with
that on the bottom so this would be on
top which I'm gonna do right now so this
is on top you want to put it on that's
on top and then you want to just make
sure it's like no but around your finger
except for the top you want that square
the square that you started with yeah
look at our video